---
title: "Imprint/Impressum"
date: 2021-12-30T01:38:56+01:00
draft: false
---

## English

### Data according to § 5 TMG

Felicitas Pojtinger Personal Site Hirschkopfweg 8 72270 Baiersbronn

### Contact

Phone: 07442/50938 E-Mail: <felicitas@pojtinger.com>

### Responsible for the content according to § 55 Section 2 RStV

Felicitas Pojtinger Hirschkopfweg 8 72270 Baiersbronn

### Mediation/Dispute Resolution

The European Commission is providing a platform for online dispute
resolution (OS): <https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr> You can find our
e-mail address at the top of the imprint.

We are not prepared or obliged to participate in dispute resolution
proceedings before a consumer arbitration body to participate.

### Liability for Contents

As a service provider we are in accordance with § 7 Section 1 TMG for
our own content on these pages according to the general laws. According
to §§ 8 to 10 TMG we are a service provider not obliged, however, to
monitor third party information transmitted or stored on our website, or
to search for circumstances that indicate an illegal activity.

Obligations to remove or block the use of information in accordance with
general laws remain unaffected by this. However, any liability in this
respect shall not become effective until the knowledge of a concrete
violation of the law. On becoming aware of corresponding We will
immediately remove any violations of the law.

### Liability for Links

Our website contains links to external third-party websites over whose
content we have no control. Therefore, we cannot accept any liability
for these external contents. The respective provider or operator of the
linked pages is always responsible for the content of the linked pages.
The linked pages were at the time of linking to possible legal
violations of the law checked. Illegal contents were not recognizable at
the time of linking.

However, a permanent control of the contents of the linked pages is not
possible without concrete indications of a Violation of rights
unreasonable. If we become aware of any infringements of the law, we
will delete such links.

### Copyright

See "Media License" and "Code License". The code of this website is
licensed AGPL-3.0, the media is licensed CC-BY-SA-4.0.

As far as the contents on this site were not created by the operator,
the copyrights of third parties are protected. observed. In particular,
the contents of third parties are marked as such. If you should
nevertheless click on If you become aware of a copyright infringement,
we ask you to inform us accordingly. On becoming known we will remove
such contents immediately.

## Deutsch

### Angaben gemäß § 5 TMG

Felicitas Pojtinger Personal Site Hirschkopfweg 8 72270 Baiersbronn

### Kontakt

Telefon: 07442/50938 E-Mail: <felicitas@pojtinger.com>

### Verantwortlich für den Inhalt nach § 55 Abs. 2 RStV

Felicitas Pojtinger Hirschkopfweg 8 72270 Baiersbronn

### Streitschlichtung

Die Europäische Kommission stellt eine Plattform zur
Online-Streitbeilegung (OS) bereit: <https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr>
Unsere E-Mail-Adresse finden Sie oben im Impressum.

Wir sind nicht bereit oder verpflichtet, an Streitbeilegungsverfahren
vor einer Verbraucherschlichtungsstelle teilzunehmen.

### Haftung für Inhalte

Als Diensteanbieter sind wir gemäß § 7 Abs.1 TMG für eigene Inhalte auf
diesen Seiten nach den allgemeinen Gesetzen verantwortlich. Nach §§ 8
bis 10 TMG sind wir als Diensteanbieter jedoch nicht verpflichtet,
übermittelte oder gespeicherte fremde Informationen zu überwachen oder
nach Umständen zu forschen, die auf eine rechtswidrige Tätigkeit
hinweisen.

Verpflichtungen zur Entfernung oder Sperrung der Nutzung von
Informationen nach den allgemeinen Gesetzen bleiben hiervon unberührt.
Eine diesbezügliche Haftung ist jedoch erst ab dem Zeitpunkt der
Kenntnis einer konkreten Rechtsverletzung möglich. Bei Bekanntwerden von
entsprechenden Rechtsverletzungen werden wir diese Inhalte umgehend
entfernen.

### Haftung für Links

Unser Angebot enthält Links zu externen Websites Dritter, auf deren
Inhalte wir keinen Einfluss haben. Deshalb können wir für diese fremden
Inhalte auch keine Gewähr übernehmen. Für die Inhalte der verlinkten
Seiten ist stets der jeweilige Anbieter oder Betreiber der Seiten
verantwortlich. Die verlinkten Seiten wurden zum Zeitpunkt der
Verlinkung auf mögliche Rechtsverstöße überprüft. Rechtswidrige Inhalte
waren zum Zeitpunkt der Verlinkung nicht erkennbar.

Eine permanente inhaltliche Kontrolle der verlinkten Seiten ist jedoch
ohne konkrete Anhaltspunkte einer Rechtsverletzung nicht zumutbar. Bei
Bekanntwerden von Rechtsverletzungen werden wir derartige Links umgehend
entfernen.

### Urheberrecht

Siehe "Media License" und "Code License". Der Code ist AGPL-3.0, die
Medien sind sind CC-BY-SA-4.0 lizenziert.

Soweit die Inhalte auf dieser Seite nicht vom Betreiber erstellt wurden,
werden die Urheberrechte Dritter beachtet. Insbesondere werden Inhalte
Dritter als solche gekennzeichnet. Sollten Sie trotzdem auf eine
Urheberrechtsverletzung aufmerksam werden, bitten wir um einen
entsprechenden Hinweis. Bei Bekanntwerden von Rechtsverletzungen werden
wir derartige Inhalte umgehend entfernen.
