---
title: "Privacy/Datenschutzerklärung"
date: 2024-12-12T00:30:00+01:00
draft: false
---

## English

### 1. Privacy at a Glance

#### General Information

The following notes provide a simple overview of what happens with your personal data when you visit this website. Personal data is any data that can be used to personally identify you. For detailed information about privacy, please refer to our privacy policy listed below this text.

#### Data Collection on this Website

##### Who is responsible for data collection on this website?

Data processing on this website is carried out by the website operator. You can find their contact details in the "Information about the Responsible Party" section of this privacy policy.

##### How do we collect your data?

Your data is collected in one way through your sharing of information with us. This might be data you enter into a contact form, for example.

Other data is automatically collected or collected after your consent when visiting the website by our IT systems. This is primarily technical data (e.g., internet browser, operating system, or time of page view). This data is collected automatically as soon as you enter this website.

##### What do we use your data for?

Part of the data is collected to ensure error-free provision of the website. Other data may be used to analyze your user behavior. If contracts can be concluded or initiated through the website, the transmitted data will also be processed for contract offers, orders, or other order inquiries.

##### What rights do you have regarding your data?

You have the right to receive information about the origin, recipient, and purpose of your stored personal data free of charge at any time. You also have the right to request the correction or deletion of this data. If you have given consent to data processing, you can revoke this consent at any time for the future. You also have the right, under certain circumstances, to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data. Furthermore, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.

You can contact us at any time regarding this and other questions about data protection.

### 2. Hosting

We host the contents of our website with the following provider:

#### External Hosting

This website is hosted externally. The personal data collected on this website is stored on the servers of the host(s). This may include IP addresses, contact requests, meta and communication data, contract data, contact details, names, website access, and other data generated through a website.

External hosting is done for the purpose of contract fulfillment with our potential and existing customers (Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR) and in the interest of secure, fast, and efficient provision of our online offering by a professional provider (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR). If appropriate consent has been obtained, the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR and § 25(1) TDDDG, insofar as the consent includes the storage of cookies or access to information in the user's end device (e.g., device fingerprinting) within the meaning of the TDDDG. The consent can be revoked at any time.

Our host(s) will only process your data to the extent necessary to fulfill their service obligations and follow our instructions regarding this data.

We use the following host(s):

Vercel Inc.<br/>
440 N Barranca Ave PMB 4133<br/>
Covina, CA 91723<br/>
United States

Railway<br/>
548 Market St PMB 68956<br/>
San Francisco, CA 94104<br/>
United States

### 3. General Information and Mandatory Information

#### Data Protection

The operators of these pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.

When you use this website, various personal data is collected. Personal data is data that can be used to personally identify you. This privacy policy explains what data we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this happens.

We point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g., when communicating via email) may have security vulnerabilities. Complete protection of data against access by third parties is not possible.

#### Information about the Responsible Party

The responsible party for data processing on this website is:

Felicitas Pojtinger<br/>
Hirschkopfweg 8<br/>
72270 Baiersbronn<br/>
Germany

Phone: <a href="tel:+49 152 33842326">+49 152 33842326</a><br/>
Email: <a href="mailto:felicitas@pojtinger.com">felicitas@pojtinger.com</a>

The responsible party is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data (e.g., names, email addresses, etc.).

#### Storage Duration

Unless a more specific storage period has been specified within this privacy policy, your personal data remains with us until the purpose for data processing no longer applies. If you submit a legitimate deletion request or revoke your consent for data processing, your data will be deleted unless we have other legally permissible reasons for storing your personal data (e.g., tax or commercial law retention periods); in the latter case, the deletion occurs after these reasons no longer apply.

#### General Information about the Legal Basis for Data Processing on this Website

If you have consented to data processing, we process your personal data on the basis of Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR or Art. 9(2)(a) GDPR if special categories of data according to Art. 9(1) GDPR are processed. In the case of explicit consent to the transfer of personal data to third countries, the data processing is also based on Art. 49(1)(a) GDPR. If you have consented to the storage of cookies or to the access to information in your end device (e.g., via device fingerprinting), the data processing is additionally based on § 25(1) TDDDG. The consent can be revoked at any time. If your data is required for contract fulfillment or to carry out pre-contractual measures, we process your data on the basis of Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR. Furthermore, we process your data if this is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation based on Art. 6(1)(c) GDPR. Data processing may also be carried out on the basis of our legitimate interest according to Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. Information about the relevant legal bases in each individual case is provided in the following paragraphs of this privacy policy.

#### Recipients of Personal Data

As part of our business activities, we work with various external parties. In some cases, the transfer of personal data to these external parties is necessary. We only transfer personal data to external parties if this is necessary for contract fulfillment, if we are legally obligated to do so (e.g., transfer of data to tax authorities), if we have a legitimate interest according to Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR in the transfer, or if another legal basis permits the data transfer. When using processors, we only transfer personal data of our customers on the basis of a valid contract for order processing. In the case of joint processing, a contract for joint processing is concluded.

#### Revocation of Your Consent to Data Processing

Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You can revoke consent that you have already given at any time. The legality of the data processing carried out until the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation.

#### Right to Object to Data Collection in Special Cases and to Direct Marketing (Art. 21 GDPR)

IF DATA PROCESSING IS CARRIED OUT ON THE BASIS OF ART. 6(1)(E) OR (F) GDPR, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OBJECT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AT ANY TIME FOR REASONS ARISING FROM YOUR PARTICULAR SITUATION; THIS ALSO APPLIES TO PROFILING BASED ON THESE PROVISIONS. THE RESPECTIVE LEGAL BASIS ON WHICH PROCESSING IS BASED CAN BE FOUND IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU OBJECT, WE WILL NO LONGER PROCESS YOUR AFFECTED PERSONAL DATA UNLESS WE CAN DEMONSTRATE COMPELLING LEGITIMATE GROUNDS FOR THE PROCESSING WHICH OVERRIDE YOUR INTERESTS, RIGHTS AND FREEDOMS, OR THE PROCESSING SERVES THE PURPOSE OF ASSERTING, EXERCISING OR DEFENDING LEGAL CLAIMS (OBJECTION ACCORDING TO ART. 21(1) GDPR).

IF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IS PROCESSED FOR DIRECT MARKETING PURPOSES, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OBJECT AT ANY TIME TO THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA CONCERNING YOU FOR THE PURPOSE OF SUCH MARKETING; THIS ALSO APPLIES TO PROFILING TO THE EXTENT THAT IT IS RELATED TO SUCH DIRECT MARKETING. IF YOU OBJECT, YOUR PERSONAL DATA WILL SUBSEQUENTLY NO LONGER BE USED FOR DIRECT MARKETING PURPOSES (OBJECTION ACCORDING TO ART. 21(2) GDPR).

#### Right to File a Complaint with the Competent Supervisory Authority

In the case of violations of the GDPR, data subjects have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority, particularly in the Member State of their habitual residence, their place of work, or the place of the alleged violation. The right to file a complaint is without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy.

#### Right to Data Portability

You have the right to have data that we process automatically on the basis of your consent or in fulfillment of a contract handed over to you or to a third party in a common, machine-readable format. If you request the direct transfer of the data to another controller, this will only be done insofar as it is technically feasible.

#### Information, Correction, and Deletion

Within the framework of the applicable legal provisions, you have the right at any time to free information about your stored personal data, its origin and recipients, and the purpose of data processing, and, if applicable, a right to correction or deletion of this data. You can contact us at any time regarding this and other questions about personal data.

#### Right to Restriction of Processing

You have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data. You can contact us at any time for this purpose. The right to restriction of processing exists in the following cases:

- If you dispute the accuracy of your personal data stored by us, we usually need time to verify this. For the duration of the verification, you have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data.
- If the processing of your personal data happened/is happening unlawfully, you can request the restriction of data processing instead of deletion.
- If we no longer need your personal data, but you need it to exercise, defend or assert legal claims, you have the right to request restriction of the processing of your personal data instead of deletion.
- If you have filed an objection according to Art. 21(1) GDPR, a balance must be struck between your and our interests. As long as it has not been determined whose interests prevail, you have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data.

If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, this data may – apart from being stored – only be processed with your consent or for the assertion, exercise, or defense of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest of the European Union or a Member State.

#### SSL or TLS Encryption

This site uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as orders or inquiries that you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from "http://" to "https://" and by the lock symbol in your browser line.

When SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transfer to us cannot be read by third parties.

#### Objection to Promotional Emails

The use of contact data published within the framework of the imprint obligation for the transmission of advertising and information materials not expressly requested is hereby rejected. The operators of the pages expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of the unsolicited sending of advertising information, such as spam emails.

### 4. Data Collection on this Website

#### Cookies

Our websites use so-called "cookies". Cookies are small data packages and cause no harm to your end device. They are stored either temporarily for the duration of a session (session cookies) or permanently (permanent cookies) on your end device. Session cookies are automatically deleted after your visit. Permanent cookies remain stored on your end device until you delete them yourself or until they are automatically deleted by your web browser.

Cookies can come from us (first-party cookies) or from third-party companies (so-called third-party cookies). Third-party cookies enable the integration of certain services from third-party companies within websites (e.g., cookies for processing payment services).

Cookies have various functions. Many cookies are technically necessary, as certain website functions would not work without them (e.g., the shopping cart function or the display of videos). Other cookies can be used to analyze user behavior or for advertising purposes.

Cookies that are necessary for carrying out the electronic communication process, for providing certain functions you want (e.g., for the shopping cart function), or for optimizing the website (e.g., cookies for measuring the web audience) are stored on the basis of Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR, unless another legal basis is specified. The website operator has a legitimate interest in storing necessary cookies for the technically error-free and optimized provision of its services. If consent to store cookies and similar recognition technologies has been requested, processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of this consent (Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR and § 25(1) TDDDG); the consent can be revoked at any time.

You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general, and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. When deactivating cookies, the functionality of this website may be limited.

Which cookies and services are used on this website can be found in this privacy policy.

#### Inquiries by Email, Phone, or Fax

If you contact us by email, phone, or fax, your inquiry including all resulting personal data (name, inquiry) will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of handling your request. We do not share this data without your consent.

The processing of this data is based on Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR if your inquiry is related to the fulfillment of a contract or is necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the processing is based on our legitimate interest in the effective handling of inquiries addressed to us (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR) or on your consent (Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR) if this has been requested; the consent can be revoked at any time.

The data you send to us via contact requests remains with us until you request us to delete it, revoke your consent to storage, or the purpose for data storage no longer applies (e.g., after your request has been processed). Mandatory statutory provisions – especially statutory retention periods – remain unaffected.

#### Comment Function on this Website

For the comment function on this site, besides your comment, we store the timestamp when the comment was created, your email address, and, if you don't post anonymously, the username you chose.

##### Storage of the IP Address

Our comment function stores the IP addresses of users who write comments. Since we don't check comments on this website before activation, we need this data to be able to take action against the author in case of legal violations such as insults or propaganda.

##### Subscribing to Comments

As a user of the site, you can subscribe to comments after registration. You will receive a confirmation email to verify that you are the owner of the given email address. You can unsubscribe from this function at any time via a link in the info emails. The data entered while subscribing to comments will be deleted in this case; however, if you have transmitted this data to us for other purposes and at another place (e.g., newsletter subscription), the data remains with us.

##### Storage Duration of Comments

The comments and the associated data are stored and remain on this website until the commented content has been completely deleted or the comments must be deleted for legal reasons (e.g., offensive comments).

##### Legal Basis

The storage of comments is based on your consent (Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR). You can revoke any consent you have given at any time. For this purpose, an informal email to us is sufficient. The legality of the data processing operations that have already taken place remains unaffected by the revocation.

## Deutsch

### 1. Datenschutz auf einen Blick

#### Allgemeine Hinweise

Die folgenden Hinweise geben einen einfachen Überblick darüber, was mit
Ihren personenbezogenen Daten passiert, wenn Sie diese Website besuchen.
Personenbezogene Daten sind alle Daten, mit denen Sie persönlich
identifiziert werden können. Ausführliche Informationen zum Thema
Datenschutz entnehmen Sie unserer unter diesem Text aufgeführten
Datenschutzerklärung.

#### Datenerfassung auf dieser Website

##### Wer ist verantwortlich für die Datenerfassung auf dieser Website?

Die Datenverarbeitung auf dieser Website erfolgt durch den
Websitebetreiber. Dessen Kontaktdaten können Sie dem Abschnitt „Hinweis
zur Verantwortlichen Stelle" in dieser Datenschutzerklärung entnehmen.

##### Wie erfassen wir Ihre Daten?

Ihre Daten werden zum einen dadurch erhoben, dass Sie uns diese
mitteilen. Hierbei kann es sich z. B. um Daten handeln, die Sie in ein
Kontaktformular eingeben.

Andere Daten werden automatisch oder nach Ihrer Einwilligung beim Besuch
der Website durch unsere IT-Systeme erfasst. Das sind vor allem
technische Daten (z. B. Internetbrowser, Betriebssystem oder Uhrzeit des
Seitenaufrufs). Die Erfassung dieser Daten erfolgt automatisch, sobald
Sie diese Website betreten.

##### Wofür nutzen wir Ihre Daten?

Ein Teil der Daten wird erhoben, um eine fehlerfreie Bereitstellung der
Website zu gewährleisten. Andere Daten können zur Analyse Ihres
Nutzerverhaltens verwendet werden. Sofern über die Website Verträge
geschlossen oder angebahnt werden können, werden die übermittelten Daten
auch für Vertragsangebote, Bestellungen oder sonstige Auftragsanfragen
verarbeitet.

##### Welche Rechte haben Sie bezüglich Ihrer Daten?

Sie haben jederzeit das Recht, unentgeltlich Auskunft über Herkunft,
Empfänger und Zweck Ihrer gespeicherten personenbezogenen Daten zu
erhalten. Sie haben außerdem ein Recht, die Berichtigung oder Löschung
dieser Daten zu verlangen. Wenn Sie eine Einwilligung zur
Datenverarbeitung erteilt haben, können Sie diese Einwilligung jederzeit
für die Zukunft widerrufen. Außerdem haben Sie das Recht, unter
bestimmten Umständen die Einschränkung der Verarbeitung Ihrer
personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen. Des Weiteren steht Ihnen ein
Beschwerderecht bei der zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde zu.

Hierzu sowie zu weiteren Fragen zum Thema Datenschutz können Sie sich
jederzeit an uns wenden.

### 2. Hosting

Wir hosten die Inhalte unserer Website bei folgendem Anbieter:

#### Externes Hosting

Diese Website wird extern gehostet. Die personenbezogenen Daten, die auf
dieser Website erfasst werden, werden auf den Servern des Hosters / der
Hoster gespeichert. Hierbei kann es sich v. a. um IP-Adressen,
Kontaktanfragen, Meta- und Kommunikationsdaten, Vertragsdaten,
Kontaktdaten, Namen, Websitezugriffe und sonstige Daten, die über eine
Website generiert werden, handeln.

Das externe Hosting erfolgt zum Zwecke der Vertragserfüllung gegenüber
unseren potenziellen und bestehenden Kunden (Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b DSGVO)
und im Interesse einer sicheren, schnellen und effizienten
Bereitstellung unseres Online-Angebots durch einen professionellen
Anbieter (Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO). Sofern eine entsprechende
Einwilligung abgefragt wurde, erfolgt die Verarbeitung ausschließlich
auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a DSGVO und § 25 Abs. 1 TDDDG,
soweit die Einwilligung die Speicherung von Cookies oder den Zugriff auf
Informationen im Endgerät des Nutzers (z. B. Device-Fingerprinting) im
Sinne des TDDDG umfasst. Die Einwilligung ist jederzeit widerrufbar.

Unser(e) Hoster wird bzw. werden Ihre Daten nur insoweit verarbeiten,
wie dies zur Erfüllung seiner Leistungspflichten erforderlich ist und
unsere Weisungen in Bezug auf diese Daten befolgen.

Wir setzen folgende(n) Hoster ein:

Vercel Inc.<br/>
440 N Barranca Ave PMB 4133<br/>
Covina, CA 91723<br/>
United States

Railway<br/>
548 Market St PMB 68956<br/>
San Francisco, CA 94104<br/>
United States

### 3. Allgemeine Hinweise und Pflicht­informationen

#### Datenschutz

Die Betreiber dieser Seiten nehmen den Schutz Ihrer persönlichen Daten
sehr ernst. Wir behandeln Ihre personenbezogenen Daten vertraulich und
entsprechend den gesetzlichen Datenschutzvorschriften sowie dieser
Datenschutzerklärung.

Wenn Sie diese Website benutzen, werden verschiedene personenbezogene
Daten erhoben. Personenbezogene Daten sind Daten, mit denen Sie
persönlich identifiziert werden können. Die vorliegende
Datenschutzerklärung erläutert, welche Daten wir erheben und wofür wir
sie nutzen. Sie erläutert auch, wie und zu welchem Zweck das geschieht.

Wir weisen darauf hin, dass die Datenübertragung im Internet (z. B. bei
der Kommunikation per E-Mail) Sicherheitslücken aufweisen kann. Ein
lückenloser Schutz der Daten vor dem Zugriff durch Dritte ist nicht
möglich.

#### Hinweis zur verantwortlichen Stelle

Die verantwortliche Stelle für die Datenverarbeitung auf dieser Website
ist:

Felicitas Pojtinger<br/>
Hirschkopfweg 8<br/>
72270 Baiersbronn<br/>
Germany

Telefon: <a href="tel:+49 152 33842326">+49 152 33842326</a><br/>
E-Mail: <a href="mailto:felicitas@pojtinger.com">felicitas@pojtinger.com</a>

Verantwortliche Stelle ist die natürliche oder juristische Person, die
allein oder gemeinsam mit anderen über die Zwecke und Mittel der
Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten (z. B. Namen, E-Mail- Adressen
o. Ä.) entscheidet.

#### Speicherdauer

Soweit innerhalb dieser Datenschutzerklärung keine speziellere
Speicherdauer genannt wurde, verbleiben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten bei
uns, bis der Zweck für die Datenverarbeitung entfällt. Wenn Sie ein
berechtigtes Löschersuchen geltend machen oder eine Einwilligung zur
Datenverarbeitung widerrufen, werden Ihre Daten gelöscht, sofern wir
keine anderen rechtlich zulässigen Gründe für die Speicherung Ihrer
personenbezogenen Daten haben (z. B. steuer- oder handelsrechtliche
Aufbewahrungsfristen); im letztgenannten Fall erfolgt die Löschung nach
Fortfall dieser Gründe.

#### Allgemeine Hinweise zu den Rechtsgrundlagen der Datenverarbeitung auf dieser Website

Sofern Sie in die Datenverarbeitung eingewilligt haben, verarbeiten wir
Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a
DSGVO bzw. Art. 9 Abs. 2 lit. a DSGVO, sofern besondere Datenkategorien
nach Art. 9 Abs. 1 DSGVO verarbeitet werden. Im Falle einer
ausdrücklichen Einwilligung in die Übertragung personenbezogener Daten
in Drittstaaten erfolgt die Datenverarbeitung außerdem auf Grundlage von
Art. 49 Abs. 1 lit. a DSGVO. Sofern Sie in die Speicherung von Cookies
oder in den Zugriff auf Informationen in Ihr Endgerät (z. B. via
Device-Fingerprinting) eingewilligt haben, erfolgt die Datenverarbeitung
zusätzlich auf Grundlage von § 25 Abs. 1 TDDDG. Die Einwilligung ist
jederzeit widerrufbar. Sind Ihre Daten zur Vertragserfüllung oder zur
Durchführung vorvertraglicher Maßnahmen erforderlich, verarbeiten wir
Ihre Daten auf Grundlage des Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b DSGVO. Des Weiteren
verarbeiten wir Ihre Daten, sofern diese zur Erfüllung einer rechtlichen
Verpflichtung erforderlich sind auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. c
DSGVO. Die Datenverarbeitung kann ferner auf Grundlage unseres
berechtigten Interesses nach Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO erfolgen. Über
die jeweils im Einzelfall einschlägigen Rechtsgrundlagen wird in den
folgenden Absätzen dieser Datenschutzerklärung informiert.

#### Empfänger von personenbezogenen Daten

Im Rahmen unserer Geschäftstätigkeit arbeiten wir mit verschiedenen
externen Stellen zusammen. Dabei ist teilweise auch eine Übermittlung
von personenbezogenen Daten an diese externen Stellen erforderlich. Wir
geben personenbezogene Daten nur dann an externe Stellen weiter, wenn
dies im Rahmen einer Vertragserfüllung erforderlich ist, wenn wir
gesetzlich hierzu verpflichtet sind (z. B. Weitergabe von Daten an
Steuerbehörden), wenn wir ein berechtigtes Interesse nach Art. 6 Abs. 1
lit. f DSGVO an der Weitergabe haben oder wenn eine sonstige
Rechtsgrundlage die Datenweitergabe erlaubt. Beim Einsatz von
Auftragsverarbeitern geben wir personenbezogene Daten unserer Kunden nur
auf Grundlage eines gültigen Vertrags über Auftragsverarbeitung weiter.
Im Falle einer gemeinsamen Verarbeitung wird ein Vertrag über gemeinsame
Verarbeitung geschlossen.

#### Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung zur Datenverarbeitung

Viele Datenverarbeitungsvorgänge sind nur mit Ihrer ausdrücklichen
Einwilligung möglich. Sie können eine bereits erteilte Einwilligung
jederzeit widerrufen. Die Rechtmäßigkeit der bis zum Widerruf erfolgten
Datenverarbeitung bleibt vom Widerruf unberührt.

#### Widerspruchsrecht gegen die Datenerhebung in besonderen Fällen sowie gegen Direktwerbung (Art. 21 DSGVO)

WENN DIE DATENVERARBEITUNG AUF GRUNDLAGE VON ART. 6 ABS. 1 LIT. E ODER F
DSGVO ERFOLGT, HABEN SIE JEDERZEIT DAS RECHT, AUS GRÜNDEN, DIE SICH AUS
IHRER BESONDEREN SITUATION ERGEBEN, GEGEN DIE VERARBEITUNG IHRER
PERSONENBEZOGENEN DATEN WIDERSPRUCH EINZULEGEN; DIES GILT AUCH FÜR EIN
AUF DIESE BESTIMMUNGEN GESTÜTZTES PROFILING. DIE JEWEILIGE
RECHTSGRUNDLAGE, AUF DENEN EINE VERARBEITUNG BERUHT, ENTNEHMEN SIE
DIESER DATENSCHUTZERKLÄRUNG. WENN SIE WIDERSPRUCH EINLEGEN, WERDEN WIR
IHRE BETROFFENEN PERSONENBEZOGENEN DATEN NICHT MEHR VERARBEITEN, ES SEI
DENN, WIR KÖNNEN ZWINGENDE SCHUTZWÜRDIGE GRÜNDE FÜR DIE VERARBEITUNG
NACHWEISEN, DIE IHRE INTERESSEN, RECHTE UND FREIHEITEN ÜBERWIEGEN ODER
DIE VERARBEITUNG DIENT DER GELTENDMACHUNG, AUSÜBUNG ODER VERTEIDIGUNG
VON RECHTSANSPRÜCHEN (WIDERSPRUCH NACH ART. 21 ABS. 1 DSGVO).

WERDEN IHRE PERSONENBEZOGENEN DATEN VERARBEITET, UM DIREKTWERBUNG ZU
BETREIBEN, SO HABEN SIE DAS RECHT, JEDERZEIT WIDERSPRUCH GEGEN DIE
VERARBEITUNG SIE BETREFFENDER PERSONENBEZOGENER DATEN ZUM ZWECKE
DERARTIGER WERBUNG EINZULEGEN; DIES GILT AUCH FÜR DAS PROFILING, SOWEIT
ES MIT SOLCHER DIREKTWERBUNG IN VERBINDUNG STEHT. WENN SIE
WIDERSPRECHEN, WERDEN IHRE PERSONENBEZOGENEN DATEN ANSCHLIESSEND NICHT
MEHR ZUM ZWECKE DER DIREKTWERBUNG VERWENDET (WIDERSPRUCH NACH ART. 21
ABS. 2 DSGVO).

#### Beschwerde­recht bei der zuständigen Aufsichts­behörde

Im Falle von Verstößen gegen die DSGVO steht den Betroffenen ein
Beschwerderecht bei einer Aufsichtsbehörde, insbesondere in dem
Mitgliedstaat ihres gewöhnlichen Aufenthalts, ihres Arbeitsplatzes oder
des Orts des mutmaßlichen Verstoßes zu. Das Beschwerderecht besteht
unbeschadet anderweitiger verwaltungsrechtlicher oder gerichtlicher
Rechtsbehelfe.

#### Recht auf Daten­übertrag­barkeit

Sie haben das Recht, Daten, die wir auf Grundlage Ihrer Einwilligung
oder in Erfüllung eines Vertrags automatisiert verarbeiten, an sich oder
an einen Dritten in einem gängigen, maschinenlesbaren Format aushändigen
zu lassen. Sofern Sie die direkte Übertragung der Daten an einen anderen
Verantwortlichen verlangen, erfolgt dies nur, soweit es technisch
machbar ist.

#### Auskunft, Berichtigung und Löschung

Sie haben im Rahmen der geltenden gesetzlichen Bestimmungen jederzeit
das Recht auf unentgeltliche Auskunft über Ihre gespeicherten
personenbezogenen Daten, deren Herkunft und Empfänger und den Zweck der
Datenverarbeitung und ggf. ein Recht auf Berichtigung oder Löschung
dieser Daten. Hierzu sowie zu weiteren Fragen zum Thema personenbezogene
Daten können Sie sich jederzeit an uns wenden.

#### Recht auf Einschränkung der Verarbeitung

Sie haben das Recht, die Einschränkung der Verarbeitung Ihrer
personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen. Hierzu können Sie sich jederzeit
an uns wenden. Das Recht auf Einschränkung der Verarbeitung besteht in
folgenden Fällen:

- Wenn Sie die Richtigkeit Ihrer bei uns gespeicherten
  personenbezogenen Daten bestreiten, benötigen wir in der Regel Zeit,
  um dies zu überprüfen. Für die Dauer der Prüfung haben Sie das
  Recht, die Einschränkung der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen
  Daten zu verlangen.
- Wenn die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten unrechtmäßig
  geschah/geschieht, können Sie statt der Löschung die Einschränkung
  der Datenverarbeitung verlangen.
- Wenn wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht mehr benötigen, Sie sie
  jedoch zur Ausübung, Verteidigung oder Geltendmachung von
  Rechtsansprüchen benötigen, haben Sie das Recht, statt der Löschung
  die Einschränkung der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu
  verlangen.
- Wenn Sie einen Widerspruch nach Art. 21 Abs. 1 DSGVO eingelegt
  haben, muss eine Abwägung zwischen Ihren und unseren Interessen
  vorgenommen werden. Solange noch nicht feststeht, wessen Interessen
  überwiegen, haben Sie das Recht, die Einschränkung der Verarbeitung
  Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen.

Wenn Sie die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten eingeschränkt
haben, dürfen diese Daten -- von ihrer Speicherung abgesehen -- nur mit
Ihrer Einwilligung oder zur Geltendmachung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung
von Rechtsansprüchen oder zum Schutz der Rechte einer anderen
natürlichen oder juristischen Person oder aus Gründen eines wichtigen
öffentlichen Interesses der Europäischen Union oder eines Mitgliedstaats
verarbeitet werden.

#### SSL- bzw. TLS-Verschlüsselung

Diese Seite nutzt aus Sicherheitsgründen und zum Schutz der Übertragung
vertraulicher Inhalte, wie zum Beispiel Bestellungen oder Anfragen, die
Sie an uns als Seitenbetreiber senden, eine SSL- bzw.
TLS-Verschlüsselung. Eine verschlüsselte Verbindung erkennen Sie daran,
dass die Adresszeile des Browsers von „http://" auf „https://" wechselt
und an dem Schloss-Symbol in Ihrer Browserzeile.

Wenn die SSL- bzw. TLS-Verschlüsselung aktiviert ist, können die Daten,
die Sie an uns übermitteln, nicht von Dritten mitgelesen werden.

#### Widerspruch gegen Werbe-E-Mails

Der Nutzung von im Rahmen der Impressumspflicht veröffentlichten
Kontaktdaten zur Übersendung von nicht ausdrücklich angeforderter
Werbung und Informationsmaterialien wird hiermit widersprochen. Die
Betreiber der Seiten behalten sich ausdrücklich rechtliche Schritte im
Falle der unverlangten Zusendung von Werbeinformationen, etwa durch
Spam-E-Mails, vor.

### 4. Datenerfassung auf dieser Website

#### Cookies

Unsere Internetseiten verwenden so genannte „Cookies". Cookies sind
kleine Datenpakete und richten auf Ihrem Endgerät keinen Schaden an. Sie
werden entweder vorübergehend für die Dauer einer Sitzung
(Session-Cookies) oder dauerhaft (permanente Cookies) auf Ihrem Endgerät
gespeichert. Session-Cookies werden nach Ende Ihres Besuchs automatisch
gelöscht. Permanente Cookies bleiben auf Ihrem Endgerät gespeichert, bis
Sie diese selbst löschen oder eine automatische Löschung durch Ihren
Webbrowser erfolgt.

Cookies können von uns (First-Party-Cookies) oder von Drittunternehmen
stammen (sog. Third-Party-Cookies). Third-Party-Cookies ermöglichen die
Einbindung bestimmter Dienstleistungen von Drittunternehmen innerhalb
von Webseiten (z. B. Cookies zur Abwicklung von
Zahlungsdienstleistungen).

Cookies haben verschiedene Funktionen. Zahlreiche Cookies sind technisch
notwendig, da bestimmte Webseitenfunktionen ohne diese nicht
funktionieren würden (z. B. die Warenkorbfunktion oder die Anzeige von
Videos). Andere Cookies können zur Auswertung des Nutzerverhaltens oder
zu Werbezwecken verwendet werden.

Cookies, die zur Durchführung des elektronischen Kommunikationsvorgangs,
zur Bereitstellung bestimmter, von Ihnen erwünschter Funktionen (z. B.
für die Warenkorbfunktion) oder zur Optimierung der Website (z. B.
Cookies zur Messung des Webpublikums) erforderlich sind (notwendige
Cookies), werden auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO
gespeichert, sofern keine andere Rechtsgrundlage angegeben wird. Der
Websitebetreiber hat ein berechtigtes Interesse an der Speicherung von
notwendigen Cookies zur technisch fehlerfreien und optimierten
Bereitstellung seiner Dienste. Sofern eine Einwilligung zur Speicherung
von Cookies und vergleichbaren Wiedererkennungstechnologien abgefragt
wurde, erfolgt die Verarbeitung ausschließlich auf Grundlage dieser
Einwilligung (Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a DSGVO und § 25 Abs. 1 TDDDG); die
Einwilligung ist jederzeit widerrufbar.

Sie können Ihren Browser so einstellen, dass Sie über das Setzen von
Cookies informiert werden und Cookies nur im Einzelfall erlauben, die
Annahme von Cookies für bestimmte Fälle oder generell ausschließen sowie
das automatische Löschen der Cookies beim Schließen des Browsers
aktivieren. Bei der Deaktivierung von Cookies kann die Funktionalität
dieser Website eingeschränkt sein.

Welche Cookies und Dienste auf dieser Website eingesetzt werden, können
Sie dieser Datenschutzerklärung entnehmen.

#### Anfrage per E-Mail, Telefon oder Telefax

Wenn Sie uns per E-Mail, Telefon oder Telefax kontaktieren, wird Ihre
Anfrage inklusive aller daraus hervorgehenden personenbezogenen Daten
(Name, Anfrage) zum Zwecke der Bearbeitung Ihres Anliegens bei uns
gespeichert und verarbeitet. Diese Daten geben wir nicht ohne Ihre
Einwilligung weiter.

Die Verarbeitung dieser Daten erfolgt auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1
lit. b DSGVO, sofern Ihre Anfrage mit der Erfüllung eines Vertrags
zusammenhängt oder zur Durchführung vorvertraglicher Maßnahmen
erforderlich ist. In allen übrigen Fällen beruht die Verarbeitung auf
unserem berechtigten Interesse an der effektiven Bearbeitung der an uns
gerichteten Anfragen (Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO) oder auf Ihrer
Einwilligung (Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a DSGVO) sofern diese abgefragt wurde;
die Einwilligung ist jederzeit widerrufbar.

Die von Ihnen an uns per Kontaktanfragen übersandten Daten verbleiben
bei uns, bis Sie uns zur Löschung auffordern, Ihre Einwilligung zur
Speicherung widerrufen oder der Zweck für die Datenspeicherung entfällt
(z. B. nach abgeschlossener Bearbeitung Ihres Anliegens). Zwingende
gesetzliche Bestimmungen -- insbesondere gesetzliche
Aufbewahrungsfristen -- bleiben unberührt.

#### Kommentar­funktion auf dieser Website

Für die Kommentarfunktion auf dieser Seite werden neben Ihrem Kommentar
auch Angaben zum Zeitpunkt der Erstellung des Kommentars, Ihre E-Mail-
Adresse und, wenn Sie nicht anonym posten, der von Ihnen gewählte
Nutzername gespeichert.

##### Speicherung der IP-Adresse

Unsere Kommentarfunktion speichert die IP-Adressen der Nutzer, die
Kommentare verfassen. Da wir Kommentare auf dieser Website nicht vor der
Freischaltung prüfen, benötigen wir diese Daten, um im Falle von
Rechtsverletzungen wie Beleidigungen oder Propaganda gegen den Verfasser
vorgehen zu können.

##### Abonnieren von Kommentaren

Als Nutzer der Seite können Sie nach einer Anmeldung Kommentare
abonnieren. Sie erhalten eine Bestätigungsemail, um zu prüfen, ob Sie
der Inhaber der angegebenen E-Mail-Adresse sind. Sie können diese
Funktion jederzeit über einen Link in den Info-Mails abbestellen. Die im
Rahmen des Abonnierens von Kommentaren eingegebenen Daten werden in
diesem Fall gelöscht; wenn Sie diese Daten für andere Zwecke und an
anderer Stelle (z. B. Newsletterbestellung) an uns übermittelt haben,
verbleiben diese Daten jedoch bei uns.

##### Speicherdauer der Kommentare

Die Kommentare und die damit verbundenen Daten werden gespeichert und
verbleiben auf dieser Website, bis der kommentierte Inhalt vollständig
gelöscht wurde oder die Kommentare aus rechtlichen Gründen gelöscht
werden müssen (z. B. beleidigende Kommentare).

##### Rechtsgrundlage

Die Speicherung der Kommentare erfolgt auf Grundlage Ihrer Einwilligung
(Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a DSGVO). Sie können eine von Ihnen erteilte
Einwilligung jederzeit widerrufen. Dazu reicht eine formlose Mitteilung
per E-Mail an uns. Die Rechtmäßigkeit der bereits erfolgten
Datenverarbeitungsvorgänge bleibt vom Widerruf unberührt.

## Français

### 1. Aperçu de la protection des données

#### Informations générales

Les notes suivantes donnent un aperçu simple de ce qu'il advient de vos données personnelles lorsque vous visitez ce site web. Les données personnelles sont toutes les données permettant de vous identifier personnellement. Pour des informations détaillées sur la protection des données, veuillez consulter notre politique de confidentialité ci-dessous.

#### Collecte des données sur ce site web

##### Qui est responsable de la collecte des données sur ce site web ?

Le traitement des données sur ce site web est effectué par l'opérateur du site. Vous pouvez trouver ses coordonnées dans la section "Informations sur le responsable" de cette politique de confidentialité.

##### Comment collectons-nous vos données ?

Vos données sont collectées d'une part lorsque vous nous les communiquez. Il peut s'agir par exemple de données que vous saisissez dans un formulaire de contact.

D'autres données sont automatiquement collectées ou collectées après votre consentement lors de la visite du site web par nos systèmes informatiques. Il s'agit principalement de données techniques (par exemple, navigateur internet, système d'exploitation ou heure de consultation de la page). Ces données sont collectées automatiquement dès que vous entrez sur ce site web.

##### À quoi utilisons-nous vos données ?

Une partie des données est collectée pour assurer le bon fonctionnement du site web. D'autres données peuvent être utilisées pour analyser votre comportement d'utilisateur. Si des contrats peuvent être conclus ou initiés via le site web, les données transmises seront également traitées pour les offres de contrat, les commandes ou autres demandes.

##### Quels sont vos droits concernant vos données ?

Vous avez le droit d'obtenir gratuitement des informations sur l'origine, le destinataire et la finalité de vos données personnelles conservées à tout moment. Vous avez également le droit de demander la rectification ou la suppression de ces données. Si vous avez donné votre consentement au traitement des données, vous pouvez révoquer ce consentement à tout moment pour l'avenir. Vous avez également le droit, dans certaines circonstances, de demander la limitation du traitement de vos données personnelles. En outre, vous avez le droit d'introduire une réclamation auprès de l'autorité de contrôle compétente.

Vous pouvez nous contacter à tout moment à ce sujet et pour toute autre question relative à la protection des données.

### 2. Hébergement

Nous hébergeons le contenu de notre site web chez le fournisseur suivant :

#### Hébergement externe

Ce site web est hébergé en externe. Les données personnelles collectées sur ce site web sont stockées sur les serveurs de l'hébergeur/des hébergeurs. Il peut s'agir notamment d'adresses IP, de demandes de contact, de métadonnées et de données de communication, de données contractuelles, de coordonnées, de noms, d'accès au site web et d'autres données générées par un site web.

L'hébergement externe est effectué dans le but d'exécuter le contrat avec nos clients potentiels et existants (Art. 6(1)(b) RGPD) et dans l'intérêt d'une fourniture sûre, rapide et efficace de notre offre en ligne par un prestataire professionnel (Art. 6(1)(f) RGPD). Si un consentement approprié a été obtenu, le traitement est effectué exclusivement sur la base de l'Art. 6(1)(a) RGPD et § 25(1) TDDDG, dans la mesure où le consentement inclut le stockage de cookies ou l'accès aux informations dans l'appareil terminal de l'utilisateur (par exemple, device fingerprinting) au sens du TDDDG. Le consentement peut être révoqué à tout moment.

Notre/nos hébergeur(s) ne traitera/ont vos données que dans la mesure nécessaire à l'exécution de leurs obligations de service et suivra/ont nos instructions concernant ces données.

Nous utilisons le(s) hébergeur(s) suivant(s) :

Vercel Inc.<br/>
440 N Barranca Ave PMB 4133<br/>
Covina, CA 91723<br/>
États-Unis

Railway<br/>
548 Market St PMB 68956<br/>
San Francisco, CA 94104<br/>
États-Unis

### 3. Informations générales et informations obligatoires

#### Protection des données

Les opérateurs de ces pages prennent très au sérieux la protection de vos données personnelles. Nous traitons vos données personnelles de manière confidentielle et conformément aux dispositions légales en matière de protection des données ainsi qu'à la présente politique de confidentialité.

Lorsque vous utilisez ce site web, différentes données personnelles sont collectées. Les données personnelles sont des données permettant de vous identifier personnellement. La présente politique de confidentialité explique quelles données nous collectons et à quelles fins nous les utilisons. Elle explique également comment et dans quel but cela se produit.

Nous attirons votre attention sur le fait que la transmission de données sur Internet (par exemple, lors de la communication par e-mail) peut présenter des failles de sécurité. Une protection complète des données contre l'accès par des tiers n'est pas possible.

#### Informations sur le responsable du traitement

Le responsable du traitement des données sur ce site web est :

Felicitas Pojtinger
Hirschkopfweg 8
72270 Baiersbronn
Allemagne

Téléphone : +49 152 33842326
E-mail : felicitas@pojtinger.com

Le responsable est la personne physique ou morale qui, seule ou conjointement avec d'autres, détermine les finalités et les moyens du traitement des données personnelles (par exemple, noms, adresses e-mail, etc.).

#### Durée de conservation

Sauf indication d'une durée de conservation plus spécifique dans cette politique de confidentialité, vos données personnelles restent chez nous jusqu'à ce que la finalité du traitement des données ne s'applique plus. Si vous présentez une demande légitime de suppression ou si vous révoquez votre consentement au traitement des données, vos données seront supprimées, à moins que nous n'ayons d'autres motifs légalement autorisés pour conserver vos données personnelles (par exemple, délais de conservation fiscale ou commerciale) ; dans ce dernier cas, la suppression intervient après que ces motifs ne s'appliquent plus.

#### Informations générales sur les bases juridiques du traitement des données sur ce site web

Si vous avez consenti au traitement des données, nous traitons vos données personnelles sur la base de l'Art. 6(1)(a) RGPD ou de l'Art. 9(2)(a) RGPD si des catégories particulières de données selon l'Art. 9(1) RGPD sont traitées. En cas de consentement explicite au transfert de données personnelles vers des pays tiers, le traitement des données est également basé sur l'Art. 49(1)(a) RGPD. Si vous avez consenti au stockage de cookies ou à l'accès aux informations dans votre appareil terminal (par exemple, via le device fingerprinting), le traitement des données est en outre basé sur le § 25(1) TDDDG. Le consentement peut être révoqué à tout moment. Si vos données sont nécessaires à l'exécution d'un contrat ou à la mise en œuvre de mesures précontractuelles, nous traitons vos données sur la base de l'Art. 6(1)(b) RGPD. En outre, nous traitons vos données si cela est nécessaire pour remplir une obligation légale sur la base de l'Art. 6(1)(c) RGPD. Le traitement des données peut également être effectué sur la base de notre intérêt légitime selon l'Art. 6(1)(f) RGPD. Les informations sur les bases juridiques pertinentes dans chaque cas individuel sont fournies dans les paragraphes suivants de cette politique de confidentialité.

#### Destinataires des données personnelles

Dans le cadre de nos activités commerciales, nous travaillons avec différentes parties externes. Dans certains cas, le transfert de données personnelles à ces parties externes est nécessaire. Nous ne transférons des données personnelles à des parties externes que si cela est nécessaire pour l'exécution d'un contrat, si nous y sommes légalement obligés (par exemple, transfert de données aux autorités fiscales), si nous avons un intérêt légitime selon l'Art. 6(1)(f) RGPD dans le transfert, ou si une autre base juridique permet le transfert de données. Lors de l'utilisation de sous-traitants, nous ne transférons les données personnelles de nos clients que sur la base d'un contrat valide de sous-traitance. En cas de traitement conjoint, un contrat de traitement conjoint est conclu.

#### Révocation de votre consentement au traitement des données

De nombreuses opérations de traitement des données ne sont possibles qu'avec votre consentement exprès. Vous pouvez révoquer un consentement déjà donné à tout moment. La légalité du traitement des données effectué jusqu'à la révocation reste inaffectée par la révocation.

#### Droit d'opposition à la collecte de données dans des cas particuliers et à la publicité directe (Art. 21 RGPD)

SI LE TRAITEMENT DES DONNÉES EST EFFECTUÉ SUR LA BASE DE L'ART. 6(1)(E) OU (F) RGPD, VOUS AVEZ LE DROIT DE VOUS OPPOSER À TOUT MOMENT AU TRAITEMENT DE VOS DONNÉES PERSONNELLES POUR DES RAISONS TENANT À VOTRE SITUATION PARTICULIÈRE ; CELA S'APPLIQUE ÉGALEMENT AU PROFILAGE BASÉ SUR CES DISPOSITIONS. LA BASE JURIDIQUE RESPECTIVE SUR LAQUELLE UN TRAITEMENT EST BASÉ PEUT ÊTRE TROUVÉE DANS CETTE POLITIQUE DE CONFIDENTIALITÉ. SI VOUS VOUS OPPOSEZ, NOUS NE TRAITERONS PLUS VOS DONNÉES PERSONNELLES CONCERNÉES SAUF SI NOUS POUVONS DÉMONTRER DES MOTIFS LÉGITIMES ET IMPÉRIEUX POUR LE TRAITEMENT QUI PRÉVALENT SUR VOS INTÉRÊTS, DROITS ET LIBERTÉS, OU SI LE TRAITEMENT SERT À LA CONSTATATION, À L'EXERCICE OU À LA DÉFENSE DE DROITS EN JUSTICE (OPPOSITION SELON L'ART. 21(1) RGPD).

SI VOS DONNÉES PERSONNELLES SONT TRAITÉES À DES FINS DE PROSPECTION, VOUS AVEZ LE DROIT DE VOUS OPPOSER À TOUT MOMENT AU TRAITEMENT DES DONNÉES PERSONNELLES VOUS CONCERNANT À DES FINS DE PROSPECTION ; CECI S'APPLIQUE ÉGALEMENT AU PROFILAGE DANS LA MESURE OÙ IL EST LIÉ À UNE TELLE PROSPECTION. SI VOUS VOUS OPPOSEZ, VOS DONNÉES PERSONNELLES NE SERONT PLUS UTILISÉES À DES FINS DE PROSPECTION (OPPOSITION SELON L'ART. 21(2) RGPD).

#### Droit d'introduire une réclamation auprès de l'autorité de contrôle compétente

En cas de violations du RGPD, les personnes concernées ont le droit d'introduire une réclamation auprès d'une autorité de contrôle, en particulier dans l'État membre de leur résidence habituelle, de leur lieu de travail ou du lieu de la violation présumée. Le droit d'introduire une réclamation est sans préjudice de tout autre recours administratif ou juridictionnel.

#### Droit à la portabilité des données

Vous avez le droit d'obtenir les données que nous traitons automatiquement sur la base de votre consentement ou en exécution d'un contrat dans un format courant et lisible par machine, ou de les faire transmettre à un autre responsable du traitement. Si vous demandez le transfert direct des données à un autre responsable du traitement, cela ne sera fait que dans la mesure où c'est techniquement possible.

#### Information, rectification et suppression

Dans le cadre des dispositions légales applicables, vous avez le droit d'obtenir gratuitement des informations sur vos données personnelles stockées, leur origine et leurs destinataires, et la finalité du traitement des données, et, le cas échéant, un droit de rectification ou de suppression de ces données. Vous pouvez nous contacter à tout moment à ce sujet et pour toute autre question concernant les données personnelles.

#### Droit à la limitation du traitement

Vous avez le droit de demander la limitation du traitement de vos données personnelles. Vous pouvez nous contacter à tout moment à cette fin. Le droit à la limitation du traitement existe dans les cas suivants :

- Si vous contestez l'exactitude de vos données personnelles stockées chez nous, nous avons généralement besoin de temps pour le vérifier. Pendant la durée de la vérification, vous avez le droit de demander la limitation du traitement de vos données personnelles.
- Si le traitement de vos données personnelles s'est produit/se produit de manière illégale, vous pouvez demander la limitation du traitement des données au lieu de la suppression.
- Si nous n'avons plus besoin de vos données personnelles, mais que vous en avez besoin pour l'exercice, la défense ou la revendication de droits en justice, vous avez le droit de demander la limitation du traitement de vos données personnelles au lieu de la suppression.
- Si vous avez formé une opposition selon l'Art. 21(1) RGPD, une mise en balance doit être faite entre vos intérêts et les nôtres. Tant qu'il n'a pas été déterminé quels intérêts prévalent, vous avez le droit de demander la limitation du traitement de vos données personnelles.

Si vous avez limité le traitement de vos données personnelles, ces données ne peuvent – à l'exception de leur conservation – être traitées qu'avec votre consentement ou pour la constatation, l'exercice ou la défense de droits en justice ou pour la protection des droits d'une autre personne physique ou morale ou pour des motifs importants d'intérêt public de l'Union ou d'un État membre.

#### Chiffrement SSL ou TLS

Ce site utilise le chiffrement SSL ou TLS pour des raisons de sécurité et pour protéger la transmission de contenus confidentiels, tels que les commandes ou les demandes que vous nous envoyez en tant qu'opérateur du site. Vous pouvez reconnaître une connexion chiffrée par le fait que la ligne d'adresse du navigateur passe de "http://" à "https://" et par le symbole de cadenas dans la ligne de votre navigateur.

Lorsque le chiffrement SSL ou TLS est activé, les données que vous nous transmettez ne peuvent pas être lues par des tiers.

#### Opposition aux e-mails publicitaires

L'utilisation des coordonnées publiées dans le cadre de l'obligation de mention légale pour l'envoi de publicités et de documents d'information non expressément demandés est par la présente rejetée. Les opérateurs des pages se réservent expressément le droit d'engager des actions en justice en cas
